Create and discuss MarthasRules.md (#74)
carpentries/trainers: MarthasRules.md

# Governance: Martha's Rules

> This project uses [Martha's Rules][marthas-rules] for making decisions.  The
> first section below describes these rules; the second lists voting members of
> the project and explains how to become one, while the third lists decisions made
> to date.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The trainer leadership panel uses [Martha's Rules][marthas-rules] for making decisions.  The
first section below describes these rules; the second lists voting members of
the project and explains how to become one, while the third lists decisions made
to date.
```

[marthas-rules]: https://journals.sagepub.com/doi/10.1177/088610998600100206

## Making Decisions

1.  Before each meeting, anyone who wishes may sponsor a proposal by filing an
    issue in the GitHub repository tagged "proposal".  Proposals must be filed
    at least 24 hours before a meeting in order to be considered at that
    meeting, and must include:
    -   a one-line summary (the subject line of the issue)
    -   the full text of the proposal
    -   any required background information
    -   pros and cons

>     -   possible alternatives

Reviewer: I think we should revise this broadly so that policy is included in this repository, so policy would be as a PR, not an issue?

    accepted with no further discussion.

6.  If most of the group is uncomfortable with the proposal, it is postponed for
    further rework by the sponsor.

7.  If any members are uncomfortable they can briefly state their objections.  A
    timer is then set for a brief discussion moderated by the facilitator.
    After 10 minutes or when no one has anything further to add (whichever comes
    first), the facilitator calls for a yes-or-no vote on the question: "Should
    we implement this decision over the stated objections?"  If a majority votes
    "yes" the proposal is implemented.  Otherwise, the proposal is returned to
    the sponsor for further work.

## Suffrage

1.  The following people are currently voting members of this project:
    -   Arindam Basu
    -   Amanda Charbonneau
    -   Mark Crowe
    -   Jeff Oliver
    -   Sarah Brown

2.  To become a voting member:
    1.  [Members must be elected](https://github.com/carpentries/trainers/blob/main/governance.md#nominations-and-elections)

3.  Voting members may resign from the project at any time, or [be removed](https://github.com/carpentries/trainers/blob/main/governance.md#removal)

## Recording Decisions

> Proposals that have been accepted are listed below in reverse chronological
> order. Each entry contains:
> 
> -   the date the proposal was accepted,
> -   the proposal's one-line summary, and
> -   a link to the proposal issue in GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion

Accepted proposals will be incorporated into the repository as appropriate and linked to in the associated meeting minutes. 

## Leadership Panel Meeting Minutes

Meeting minutes will be added as a pull request by a submitter (secretary or delegate) and all members of the panel will review and approve the pull request.  The minutes will be merged for record after all voting members have approved the current version, any member who was not last to approve or Core Team members may merge minutes. 
```

Reviewer: Does anyone object to recording decisions not in this file? I'd be fine with a running list of aactions that's separate from minutes as well, but I'd like to have that separate from the meeting rules.
